thank you so john with what you came to our
evening yes I came straight from cardiff where
as you know we are shooting a doctor and
Torchwood and I brought an amazing series
doctors shot specifically for the program
something that is necessary for children and the trust
believe it is amazing
I believe you and make yourself comfortable
you feel comfortable let's get started
in the best traditions of the time lord we
back to the end of the last episode
doctors who is this meeting mr
hey stop now yes what's with you
such a
so what 's the problem really what
happened dad excuse me you me
sorry something
David Tennant
peter davison
special episode doctor who
Time Wreck Scriptwriter
steven moffat and you who you are wonderful
sense of behavior is correct position
critical universe will cover through
five minutes but this is a wonderful doctor
who are you yes of course you are a doctor yes I am a doctor
my congratulations doctor my congratulations
good old doctor is that with you
such a
of course frowning physiognomy I remember
her
sense of a little saggy face a little more
gray hair but this is undoubted the two of us in
one place created a breakdown of the time but
everything will be fine as soon as we
send you home i can again
zip up jacket it relax
look at the cricket budget hat
set and a sprig of celery strongly
vyborg celery honestly there
few men ready you ask for anything
shut up with my tardis happened what
something very bad i have to fix it
and very very fast and I
it turns out really turns out weaving
thats a bony diode in front of me
will cease to rant absolutely
about everything that happens before him well
and excuse me doctor thank you and your nape
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but this is not something
you see every day your own
nape sense i understand why you
wear a hat do not want to seem
vain but you really better her
wear and what do you do in my tardis
all that workers have changed the design and
what is it now coral
yes it is worse than the skin of the leopard and here
they
smart glasses are unnecessary for you
you just think what they look like
a little bit smarter is anxiety
level 5 which means temporary
conflict
as if 2 tardis merged but
there is only one tardis as
as if 2 time zones and entered into conflict
in the heart of the tardis is a paradox
he can create a friend
space-time size was so
similar just in belgium and now
too dramatic isn't it money to me
need no thanks but oh well of course already
always empty handed isn't it like
and I'm a doctor I will save the universe with the help
watches and lace and look at my vegetable
on the lapel so who are you so take a look
oh no oh yeah you no hot yes yes i'm a fan
Yes well that she is now 10, is the level
bad bergen was two minutes
what does a fan mean i'm not a fan i am you
agave my big fan i'm fine
I understand I'm shaking time
space saving the planet beat monsters
I'll be honest it kind of
amazing so people notice me
here and there create their little
groups as a group of glindas you of them as
you got here already could not find out where I am
I live and listen to already changing it you
I just look younger look at these
cheeks doctor because once you have them
shave monastic bell
yeah just in time it's a sign to me
in less than a minute we will create
such a black hole of the frame will absorb all
the universe yes my fault by the way I
repaired the tardis and forgot to turn
protective field your tardis is my tardis 1
floor also from different points of time
flow connected end of the universe because of
muddles but don't worry i know for sure
what should be done
bleed the cooling system off
control stabilizer and finally
heat zahitan crystals is the same
break the tardis is the only way
who told you this you told me this
top new black hole in the same
instant blast extinguish absorption a matter
will remain untouched perfectly too
beautiful I have not met anyone who would
could manage the tardis so sorry friend and
you will not meet but you did not have time
to think so even I couldn’t
I would n't think you would just do
remember and you will remember
did you remember being me how did you do it
did you know what to do because i
already seen how to do it
knocked out howls that the tardis is divided
sorry doctor time has come
come back antiquity where you are not now
there is a teegan cybermen mara lord
time funny hat and master he is still
will has not changed there is no
true he still wears this stupid
little beard now no beard but
wife oh no i look like i'm leaving
what else to say thank you doctor you
thank you yes thank us
know i like to beat you
when i started again always tried
be experienced grumpy like you in
youth and when i was you
throwing everything for cricket like
formidable raised his voice and still so
do with a voice took it over you oh yes
and sneakers and he know that doctor
Well, you are my doctor
let it be so crazy all my life
hey doctor don't forget to turn on protective
field
what
Titanic
that the new series on the site 1001 fate
dot ru translation n beat off the text read
Alexey Kuznetsov